# 6SSMN961-Applied-Econometrics-Assessment-1-
6SSMN961 – Applied Econometrics Assessment 1 
ubmission checklist1.    The file format is a pdf and contains twoparts: written answers to the questions and    the STATA output.2.    File saved asCandidatenumber.pdf3.    Word count is 1,000 words, excludingSTATA output and the cover sheet.

Assessment 2 – Individual Final Coursework (80% of total module grade)Lead Instructor:FilipaSáInstructor’s email:Filipa.sa@kcl.ac.ukSubmission Deadline:The final coursework will be posted on KEATS at10:00 amon Monday 9th December and will bedue by 10:00 amonFriday 13th  December 2024.Submission checklist1.    The file format is a pdf and contains twoparts: written answers to the questions and    the STATA output.2.    File saved asCandidatenumber.pdf3.    Word count is 2,000 words, excludingSTATA output and the cover sheet.

The Task Both the midterm and the final coursework are empirical exercises. You will be given datasets and questions to answer based on those datasets. The questions are based on papers published in economics journals. Module Learning Outcomes Assessed

   Systematic understanding of the econometric methods covered in the module;
   Ability to apply these methods to economic problems;
   Proficiency using STATA and ability to debug STATA codes and research new commands to prepare and analyse data. Assignment Details and Structure Your submission should include the following:
   written answers to the questions
   the STATA output file General Submission Requirements Assessment submission instructions:
   File saved as Candidatenumber.pdf
   Word count (1,000 words for the midterm coursework and 2,000 for the final coursework)
   File format for submission: pdf Assessment Support InformationFormative feedback will be provided during tutorials. In addition to the tutorial problem sets, there are  examples and exercises (with suggested answers) on KEATS, which will help you test your knowledge as you study the material. On the KEATS page, under module information, you can find a sample exam paper and sample scripts from 2017/18. This past exam paper is excellent practice for your assessment. Marking Criteria Please consult the r代 写6SSMN961 – Applied Econometrics Assessment 1 – Individual Midterm CourseworkJava 代做程序编程语言ubric template on page 3Aspect/WeightingF (0-39)D (40-49)C (50-59)B (60-69)A (70+)Midtermcoursework, 20%Final coursework, 80%Mostly incorrect and/orincomplete answers, showinglittle or no understanding of the models and methods covered in the lectures and tutorials. There is insufficient reference to the     literature.The coursework is disorganised and unclear.Answers show only cursoryunderstanding of the models and methods covered in the lectures   and tutorials. For example,students fail to estimate the  relevant econometric model. Answers are not sufficiently   linked to relevant academic   papers.The coursework is adequately   presented and generally logical but could be clearer and more   organised.Answers demonstrate someknowledge of the models andmethods covered in the lectures and tutorials but are incomplete or contain incorrectinterpretations. Students showevidence of having read some of   the relevant academic papers but may not have fully understoodthe analysis in those readings.Students show a reasonableability to code in Stata but may struggle to independentlyresearch how to use commands  that have not already been used in tutorials.The coursework is presented with some structure but could beclearer and more organised.Answers demonstrate a goodunderstanding of the models and methods covered in the lectures   and tutorials but are not fullycomplete or contain somemistakes. For example, studentsestimate the relevant econometric model but do not interpret theresults correctly or do not discuss the limitations of the model.Students should link their answers to relevant readings (e.g.academic papers) and show a solid understanding of those readings,    even if some of the detailedanalysis in those papers may not be fully understood. Studentsdemonstrate good ability to code in Stata, even if they fail to usesome commands that have not already been used in tutorials.The coursework is coherent, well   organised and logically presented.Answers demonstrate a thorough knowledge of the models andmethods covered in the lectures and tutorials. Answers arecomplete and contain clear and intuitive explanations. Students should link their answers torelevant readings (e.g. academic papers) and show a goodunderstanding of those readings.The Stata output is wellpresented, with the correctcommands used throughout. Students show an ability toresearch new Stata commands and apply those commandscorrectly.The coursework is well structured and written in a clear and fluent    style.
     Xujun Coding 📧 xujuncoding@gmail.com
